[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
morning.  I promise that my life begins
where you
end.  I don't want false expectations or to
live within a lie.  Yours and
mine is true.  Despite what he
says.  I will remember that I walked through that
square and in shame we couldn't
even look at each other.
The moment arrived and I took your hand as we
continued walking.  For both of them
the big city fell silent
, city, city, city,
city.  Why do I want to see the
star shine in the sky, if I have
the most beautiful star in the
sky by my side?  I don't know if you'll understand me.
This is what I'm
telling you.  You have to feel your heart
smiling from
within.  I'll
tell you to pinch me every day when I
wake up.  That if I argue it's to get
to know you better.   There
is no fog that can obscure this
[Music]
love.  I know that we
will go through moments that we never
imagined, that the pain will be so strong
that we will think about
leaving.  But this feeling of ours
will put in check the wounds we
cause to the soul.
Breathe me,
please, because this life
escapes us.  Why do I want to see it
shine, why do I want to see the
star shine in the sky.  If I still
have the most beautiful in the
firmament by my side.  I don't know if you'll understand me.
And this is what I'm
telling you.  You have to feel your heart
smiling
inside.  I want to see what I want to
see next to me, next to me.  I have the
screen of the
moment.  I don't know if you
'll understand me.  This is what I'm telling you.
You have to feel your heart smiling
inside.
Oh.
[Music]
[Applause]
I thought that love no longer
existed, that kisses are given on
every corner.
I thought that loving was just a
game, but I look at you and I'm dying to
have you next to me.  I will invest my life in
exciting you and
I will win the game of time that was
lost.
Oh,
oh.  I ask you every day that your soul be my
guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path.  And I ask every day to always be able to
love you, waiting for the moment to have
you
[Music]
in front of me.  If the world separates, I'll stay
with you.  If tomorrow doesn't dawn, I'll stay
with you.  If you want me to stay, I'll
stay
with you.  that I care about things and
when I smile I turn away.  Hey,
I'm with you, with you, with
you.  I will invest my life in
exciting you and
[Music]
I will win the game, the time that was
lost.
[Music] I
ask you every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you, waiting for the moment to have
you in front of me.
[Music] I
will invest my life in
exciting you and
[Music]
I will win the game, the time that was
lost.
Oh,
and I ask every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
life.
And I pray every day to always be able to
love you, waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me.  An.
[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
morning.  I promise that my life begins
where you end.   I
don't want false expectations or to live
within a lie.  Yours and mine is
true.  Despite what he
says.  I will remember that I walked through that
square and in shame we couldn't
even
look at each other.  The moment arrived and I took your hand
as we continued walking.  For
both of them, the big city fell silent
.
City, city, city,
city.  I want to see the
star shine in the sky.  If I have
the most beautiful woman in the
sky by my side, I don't know if you'll
understand me.  This is what I'm
telling you.  You have to feel your heart
smiling inside.
[Music] I'll
tell you to pinch me every day when I
wake up, that if I argue it's to get to
know you better.   There
is no fog that can obscure this
[Music]
love.  I
know we will go through moments we never
imagined, the pain will be so strong
that we will think about
leaving.  But this feeling of ours
will put in check the wounds we
cause to the soul.
Breathe me,
please, because life is
escaping us.  Why do I want to see it
shine, why do I want to see the
star shine in the sky.  If I still
have the most beautiful woman in the
firmament by my side, I don't know if you'll understand me.
And this is what I'm telling you.  You have to feel your
heart smiling
inside.  I want to see, I want to see now.
My side
I have
time.  I don't know if you
'll understand me.  I'll tell you.  You
have to throw yourself at the heart as it smiles
inside.
[Music]
How are you?  What's happening?  What's going on here with
the gang?  What's going on here with the gang?   He
wants firewood.  Okay, wait a
minute, I'm done.  Hey, Manuel, that's
enough.  You've already sung a lot today, Manuel.   You
've already sung a lot today.  What's happening?
How are my people?
What's happening?  How are my people?  Look, you did
n't let me set the target,
Chimbergen.  Why didn't it let me
set the target?
Chimvergencha.  I'm going to put
Chimbergenzacha to see if Chimvergencha
lets me.  You scoundrel is going to leave me.
Yes, you scoundrel chin.  Shameless,
damn it.  Okay.  Hey, I just had to
open a
kitchen around here.  Okay, I was just hanging around here.
and open this and leave
this.  Hey, hey hey hey
.  Mm.
Okay, okay.  Today we have some
news, uh, today we have some
news to discuss.  Yes, it is true
that Yes, it is true that
the heart theme, the melon heart theme,
is still in its time.  Let's put it
there, let's put the little
marinilla in the background there.  It's true that
the subject of the heart is a bit muted,
isn't it?  It's a little weak, isn't it?  It's a
little bit I wasn't expecting you today.  Let's
see, the truth is that I've been feeling a
bit like this for a few days, right?  But especially because of
Fran,
especially because of the
Fran thing, right?  The camera is crooked and I don't
like it being crooked.  It gives me the itch.  Let's
see, like this, like this.  My days are a bit
off, aren't they?  Especially because of
Fran, okay?  Because?  Well,
because, man, when things come up,
I like to comment on them myself.  How are you,
Maite, darling?
When things come up, I like to, eh,
when the time comes, comment on them myself,
because I do it like this, pin, pam, pum, take
the house, right?  And in a quarter of an hour I
explain everything, I think in a
simple way for everyone,
clear, right?  Hey, and fast, right?  Above
all, fast and
understandable.  Because?  Why do I like to
do it myself?  Well, man, because if
I do it, I cut out the
speculation and the nonsense.  I don't
know what they were leaking
things about again today, commenting on things and such,
but well, nothing to give any
attention to unless, I
mean, if you realize h about the
Fran issue, although it's very viral,
obviously, you're very pragmatic.  Yes,
yes, I am very pragmatic.  No, but if that's the case
, I mean,
there are many times when speculations are being
forced upon you by manipulations and
people don't deny it.  Or it also
happens a lot that people go to the sun where it's
hottest, and so, one day you're interested in
supporting one thing, another day in something else.  And I'm
really freaked out by some of these silly things
, aren't I?  Well, if they're putting
a guy in your face who's already first-rate, they
're putting a guy in your face
, like I heard, I don't know, I don't know
where I was listening today, I don't know if it was on
a show or what, someone said, "No,
for now, they haven't caught
any of his lies."  Come on, my
balls dropped when I heard
that.  No, no, I didn't drop them.   Sorry.
that we have not heard any lies
from
chi.  According to a kiss.  Ah, well, okay.   I
will be, I will be me who has the
imagination.  Why isn't the super
chat playing?  According to what has not
sounded.  Okay, let's see, it's me who
imagined that Chi said that
I was talking about my contract with
Dallas in front of him.  Could that be it?  Could that be it?   Could it
be that
, wouldn't it be that, for example, right?  For
example, he has
said that I have spoken in front of him about
my contract with Dallas.  Ah, almost no
lies.  We got Chi, didn't we?
Hey, Chi
saying that Plex closed the door
to the room, that PL didn't stay in
the room that I'll stay in life,
that's where Dallas stayed.
Um, bye,
Dala.  Yes, he is following the mantra of
the bad guys.  Because?  Because they are the
only ones who have given you voice.  There is no more.
And why are they the only ones who have
given it to you?  Point number one, for visits.
Point number one, for visits.
Where is the money?
Hello, Grandpa.  I'm fed up with
this song you always play for us, lol, it's so
embarrassing.  Only from here.  Kisses to the
lovely lady.  A kiss.  A
kiss.  Point number one.  These three for
visits because they are people who are
desperate for a visit and now for the
first time in their lives, well, the
three who are giving it a voice don't want
the issue to end in their lives.
Because?  Well, because they don't know how to make any other
content that isn't about
me, Fran, Pablo, or Dallas, okay?  And if you
watch it with 500 viewers, well,
these days you're watching it with 1,000, right?
Now the topic will end when we
want it to, okay?  That is, the issue
of chi ends when we no longer
want to give it any more attention, okay?  Two,
because it's against us, okay?
Because here we consider sides,
right?  And then
pam and and ah, especially for money and
especially for such, okay?  For money, I mean, it
's not for the truth, it's for money,
for trying to climb the ladder and things like that, okay?
But man, for the truth and for
such, no, man, no.  So, before
being with these three, Chi tried with
several journalists, right?  He
also tried, I think, to chat with
someone, I think he tried with Diego Rabal,
and with a few others
, I mean, he tried with a
few others, okay?  Why hasn't anyone
given you a damn?  Because what it has to
show are intimate things, they are, look,
the things that are being leaked.  I know they
leaked something else today and then
deleted it.  Okay, I know, don't put it on me
.  I'm not going to spread the word, okay?
If there's any talk or anything, I'll
clarify it quickly on the
main channel, okay?  But what is being
leaked are
personal things.  What was leaked
today, do you remember when it was
leaked?
And you remember at the beginning,
right?  The story I told, right?  When
Fran came out, I said to him, "You, this is what happened
, look, pin, pam, capybara, otters and I
don't know who, pin pom."  Okay, do you
remember that within what I
explained to Fran, I explained to him, look, the
news that you are detained in
Spain was not reported, no one knew about it.
A kiss, Culibri.  Nobody in Spain knew about it
, but suddenly the
news breaks, suddenly the
same account that leaked the
savannah story breaks the news.  When the savannah thing was leaked
, what was happening in that thread?  in that
information.  Very simple, they
partially leaked, they leaked this clip, this
paper, this I don't know what, but there was some
click that they had
missed.  They skipped the clip where
Fran's lie about
the savannah was made public, okay?  Then
some of the texts made sense to me, right?  AOC, I don't
know what, people were laughing.
Things are going as they are, okay?  And I
'm going to say one thing, don't leak
anything else.  It's over playing with
people's private lives to cause harm.
Okay?  Because?  Because
what I said at that time is being fulfilled exactly as I said at
that time and everything comes and goes from
where I say that from where I said it
came.  Okay?  Because?  Because today I
saw that they leaked something else and that
thing they leaked is
cropped because I have the
whole thing.  And what coincidence is the
missing piece?  What coincidence is the
missing piece?
A piece is missing.
Come on, very very casual everything.  Very every time
a piece of something is missing.
And how casual it is, how casual it is.  There must be
a piece missing, damn it.  When the
savannah thing happened, they missed a click, and now we're going to
leave our private lives behind.   It
can be proven that Fran has defrauded,
eh, by asking for money, he has deceived, he asked for
the money for something that was not intended
.  Isn't it true that Fran was
asked for money for something?  Was it
true or was it a
lie?  No no.  What Fran, what
Fran said was true and what he
asked for the money for was true, right?
So, that's it.  I mean, now all of a
sudden, I don't like the grudges, the resentments, and the
leaking of private things because we've
been inside someone's house
.  Well, I don't think so,
honestly, when there are other types of
circumstances where there are gossip
and so on, well, it often
happens, okay?
But
man, we've been here for many years now
and we're not stupid at all
.  Let's take advantage of the fact that we're
discussing the topic, shall we?  And I'm going to upload
these rails, right?  Yes, I think if
a bottle was given to every Spaniard.  Look here at
one of the lies.  No, but not
heard in a space.
Fran, we are with you.  Like all
people with two brain cells,
Elena.  Like all people with two
brain cells.  Okay, man, you
can doubt, of course.  I mean,
obviously you can doubt and
Fran probably won't have told
all the truths about his entire life and
everything.  Well yes, you can
doubt whatever you want, okay?
Of course, that was all that was missing.  Clear.  Hey,
what Fran said doesn't
add up to me, and the other stuff doesn't add up to me,
man.  But as I heard today
on a
space, poor chi, poor chi.  It's
normal for him to act like this after what they've
done to him.  What have they done to you?   I think that
buying the whole story is
outrageous.  What have
they done to chi?  Calling him a pain,
insinuating that he was behind the
leaks.  Man, even height
seems like a joke to me, right?  Complain about
that,
right?  Poor thing, they called him annoying.
Holy [ __ ], he has every right, he has
every right to show
Rae intimate videos.  H, man,
really, no, no, please.  Look,
a lie from
Chin.  He slept more.  Yes, Plex never slept
in that room.  He never slept in that
room.  Never.  He couldn't say goodbye
Dallas or hello Dallas.  You tried to
put him in there.  Why do you say that?  He has
never slept there.  He's slept in
the hotel in Uon or at the camp, in
the rooms, without air
conditioning, no need to
invent that nonsense, man.  I mean, it's
like my thing with the contract.  Let's see, yes, I do
know where this antics are going
.  This kind of antics are
about being accepted into the group, which
is the only group that will support him.
To be accepted into that group,
you have to speak Spanish,
but not me, where do they have to go?
Javi, can you then explain the appeal
that has been partially granted to Silvia
Bronchalo?  Thank you.  Now let's go with
them.  Now let's go with them.  One of the
topics of the day.  I wonder if a peseta were
given to every
Spaniard, but not to me, where should they be
given?  Good night, Javi.  A kiss,
sweetheart.  How are you?  Yes, the
silly things.  No, it's not that Javi has a
contract, it's not that Dallas is in
diapers, it's not that Delo has these little eyes
, it's not that Dallas is a scammer, it's not
that you can't believe anything, but you
never leak privately.
Well, we'll see how Fran solves
that and with Pablo's help and such.  They
leak a [ __ ] audio to me, a [ __ ]
message about my private life, and especially something
that involves or harms those
around me.
You have to escape from the continent.
Fran where I don't need explanations.  A
kiss, Chari.  Man, no.  Yes, you who are
Fran, look, in the end, eh, in the end there are
many things, okay?  Well, Fran
has hidden things from us, he hasn't told the truth or
whatever, okay?  But he tells me about my
sexual life, and in my intimate life a
sexual theme leaks out.  private or any move
and above all to hurt my
people, they are missing Europe, eh?  I
mean, Fran is going to fix it, I'm not going to tell you
anything in advance, okay?  Pablo is going to
help him and Fran is going to fix it and we're going to
see where each leak comes from and
how they can be traced, but
as it can't be any other way, but they
leak to me like Ray did the other day
with
extortions, Javi deletes a video or I
publish an audio of you.  No, no, no, no.
No, they already leaked one to you, Javi.  Yeah, but
I've talked about this topic before,
more or less, you know?  But I'm referring to
something already intimate, right?  An
intimate conversation, one like what I
saw today, right?  An
intimate audio, an intimate conversation, such a thing.
Europe is missing to run.  Europe is missing
to
run.  But legally, I also speak.
Uh, this, this is a lie of chi,
but come on, but also unnecessary.
Unnecessary lie.
I wonder if a peseta were given to every
Spaniard, but not to me, where should they be
given?  100 points with Frank.  These
people are sick, they deserve prison.
A kiss, gorgeous.
No, but you know what happens? I find
the whole leak thing very funny
.  I
mean, I've seen many
times when there have been leaks and
we have condemned them
strongly, obviously, because it
no longer fits into the public debate we are
having.  So,
what is the debate here?  What is the topic?  The thing
is that Fran shows up one day saying he
needs money for the
sanctuary issue.  Okay, we have proof to
disprove that we don't have
private conversations and
intimate upload.  But Fran has sold his
private life.  That is, Fran is a person who has been
interviewed and who
appears on Slvame de Luz
commenting, "What the hell does that have to do with it?"  That
is, we have no arguments and we start
attacking intimate life.  things of
children, things of men, but that we are
supporting, my God, that I am seeing out
there, eh, some things that I already
really, I mean, really little, right?
A little bit of not everything
is in the end.  Franco Cuesta denies
Chi's fabrication in which he tried to accuse
Plex of messing with Dallas.  Plex never
stayed in that
room.  Sappe is staying,
if I'm not mistaken, the room.
No, this was
tremendous.  This is from the other fool, the
Delox.  All the
fools get smeared.  Stupid and hypocritical because
you can't.  At what point did Chi say that
Fran was involved in pedophilia or
zoophilia?
having taken minors to Frank's sanctuary
at some point.  I don't have proof,
but if someone wants to contact me
and knows, uh, because well, if
Dallas went there, well, we already know his
tastes in girls, right?  That he's talking about
girls' tastes, I wouldn't doubt it.  Anyone who
talks about girls' tastes would doubt it.  If
you think you're a clown here, be
careful.  Never trust anything
Delux sells.  He's indicted right now,
okay?  In a procedure for alleged
fraud.  And well, everything
you publish is a fake.  We put the
clips on you and you come out and say that I'm stupid
because he's a kid, he hasn't said that at any
time.  I think you're the fool.
And too many red lines are being crossed
.  It is very unpleasant.
This is the same text I posted in
the other tweet.  I just posted
this tweet, man.
Ah.
This headline, man, you have to be an
idiot, huh?  So Chino
said nothing, I made it up
.  That Chinese said nothing, that I
made it up, he says
about the meow.
Kiss,
mom.  Saying your animals.  I don't kill
animals, Luciano.  Animals die here.
Animals die here every day.
or every week or every
month.  But there are deaths because there are
many animals.  It's
nature.  It's
nature.  We try to keep them from dying.
We try to fix things.  I spend
a lot of money and a lot of effort to make sure
everything is right.  This is a fact.  I mean,
basically imagine, right?  Hey, what it
must cost and what the need is, right?
Keep the sanctuary.  Hits.  mistakes,
well there will surely be, right?  Like everyone
in our jobs and in our
things, but from there to the
things that are being said, Fran
could be making documentaries, right?
In the jungle, in the jungle, these things,
right?  Tremendous,
tremendous, tremendous.
Well, the news of the day, the news
of the day, apart from the Isap thing, which
we'll discuss now, I don't know if you remember that
Silvia Bronchalo filed a complaint against her ex-husband
Rodolfo Sancho.  Actually,
Silvia Bronchalo and Rodolfo's ex-husband were
married or single or just a couple.   We
always say ex-husband, ex-
husband, but I don't remember a wedding and a
divorce.  Can you confirm that for me?
Because something just happened to me, uh,
something just happened to me.  I think they are, I think they are, uh,
Daniel Sancho's parents, but I do
n't think there was a wedding,
right?  It doesn't sound familiar to me.  I don't remember there
being a
wedding.  They were a couple, they were married.
Pepi, yes, one. Ah, well, it doesn't sound familiar to me,
wedding, huh?  It only sounds like a couple to me.
Alberto, how are you?  This is for the king
of gossip.  Well, you know what I have to
show you, I have to show you a click
that you're not going to like, community.
Okay, I'm just going to put the audio on
to get
you started, okay?  But you won't like it one
bit.  Who sent it to me?
And you right now, your
Telesalceo channel is a
claque, it's in its world of
[Music]
YouTube.  I'm practically at the
top.
Completely.  I am the diva, I am the
queen.  Completely.
So,
I don't want to make you understand.
We understand.  How dare
you, how dare you ask me to
go with a sewer rat.  This is
indiscreet television.  Okay, you know that the
other day we proposed a debate
to the
underworld of telesalience.  M to have a
debate.  Mm.
I think you're picking the wrong
person.
You mean Carmen and Victoria or
some of these people, what I do with rats
is exterminate them,
exterminate them from my environment.
And if not, for that I have Yoda who is Oh,
but never and more so now.
that your channel isn't worth [ __ ].  My
channel is worthless.  I'm going to lower myself because I
'm feeling ecstatic.  She is ecstatic.  I'm
thrilled here on my channel, on your
channel, as Antonio David says.
So, well, we'll watch the
whole thing later, okay?  I think we can
assume that he doesn't accept the debate
with Carmen, okay?  From the indiscreet.
Today we're going to see Carmen, who
responded very well, okay?  We'll
see it in a bit, but I'm glad you're
trying to revive this channel, which
is in such bad shape,
Peppa herself said so.  I hope you can reach
their numbers someday, okay?  And how well
she's doing, but anyway, in the
meantime we can keep going with
the super chats and these challenges that
you guys give, okay?  We don't usually
get very far, okay?  It's not that
we usually, it's not that we don't usually get very
far, the truth is, but hey, we're
getting by, we're getting by.  Look, we're already
nine, we're already nine out of 50,
okay?  I want
you and everyone at home to watch with me,
eh, for the first time and exclusively the
text messages that Rodolfo Sancho
sends to Silvia Bronchalo.  Note, the
text messages, uh, were not
published.  So where do you have that
30,000 you had last night.  A kiss, Lorena.
No, man, we didn't have 30,000.
Fran had 30,000.  Last night, if I'm not
mistaken, we had 7,000 spectators,
right?  On the main Spanish channel.  7000
spectators.  We went there on the
main channel all night, didn't we?  How
disgusting everything is.  Kisses to this
healthy community.  What's up, Tesa?  Have you been
left behind me?
No, that's what happened, right?
You've been left behind me, haven't you?
Pili, what's up, Pili?  Not a
member?  Weren't you a member?
The messages that were published for me
, eh, maybe not the
screenshots, but the content
was published, it seems to me, eh?
Where do they have to? Here we are again with the ass
.  Face with blank eyes.
Thank you, Carmen Reina.   On
February 7th of last year.  Let's
look at the first one now and read it all
together.  I don't have it here.
The thing is that the case was closed due to
the complaint filed by Silvia, and I didn't
think it was right to close the
case, okay?  But well, now it
seems they have opened it.  Now it
seems that they have given way.  I do
n't think it's right to close the case because of the
messages he sent, but not me,
where do they go?  And why do you pray?  And he
says, "Angel, tell him something."  Haha,
because they
are
from a TV series, these
people look like they came from Torrent.
Poquera how it goes like this that if we can't
see the image, I
can't read it either.  February 7th of last year
.  Here are the messages.  Look,
man, look at the messages.  Hey,
probably no one has told you this,
but I'm going to tell you.  You have
bipolar disorder and it is treatable.  Crazy,
you don't understand anything.  You are incapable.
Our son has trauma because of you.
You are from the common people.  You don't know
English.
My goodness.  My goodness.
Let's read the second message that
Rodolfo Sancho sends to Silvia Bronchalo.
You saying that you spend more than me is not
at all funny.  Dani told me that he
had only asked you for two things.  The thing about
mouth splints and tobacco.
Daniel Sancho was already in prison,
we remember, and you are incapable of doing it.
I don't like your nerves, your hysteria, and
the anger you have inside.  I don't
need you at all, so don't write to me.
Well, this one isn't that big a deal.  This
could be a discussion,
right?  And that's it.  This is a tense thing, it's
not understood either, but well,
this is good, this is not a big
deal.  And the third and final message that
the actor Rodolfo sends to Silvia
Bronchalo says, "By the way, Dani tells me
not to call him. Dani will do what
I tell her. I assure you. It's good.
No, let's see, not without justification, not the
content, right? And what he's about to say,
but man, I don't consider it criminal.
The one that seemed strongest to me is the
first one. These messages took place on
February 7, 2024.
Ofelia, where were you? What's up
, Ofelia? Where
were you? It's been a while since you've been around
here. A kiss, queen. Thank you very much
. Of course. Let's see, we'd need to see
her messages too, although they're
going to publish something here now. Look, they're going to
publish something now to see if they're
her messages, which is the only way
those messages could be justified,
right? That she was also in the
same tone, which I don't believe. Musutruc,
how are you? How are
we doing? Hey, already  We're 15 out of
50. But why are you
trying to raise this channel that
has no rescue?
The first message is nonsense.  The
first message, I do see, could
be criminal, to be honest.  I see it as a big thing.   It's
been 6 months since Daniel Sancho
was imprisoned.  There is a lot of
tension between these two people,
Silvia Bronchalo and Rodolfo Snchez.
Let's remember that they hadn't spoken to each other for 20 years
.  Let's see if the messages are
just these three.  I
honestly don't
see it as a reason for a conviction.  Host, 17. What's wrong with you?  If
these are just three messages.  Damn, I
don't see any reason for a conviction for these three messages.  The thing is, the first one
is outrageous, so they can
fine him for that.  I don't think he'll face a
prison sentence, but he could
be fined for harassing her.   They
had to reconnect
after their son went to prison.  What
happens next?  In Did You Say,
Torrent?
No, man, but I'm not a character
from a Torrent, or maybe a little bit.  Yes.
Well, yes, we could be, uh, yes,
we could also be a bit of a
character.  Hey, February is when this
exchange of messages takes place.  Silvia decides to
report him to the police station
and this forms part of that
complaint.  Yes, a judge dismissed it in
July of that same year, she appealed, in
September the appeal was admitted, and
just three days ago, the judge from the
Provincial Court of Madrid, who was
considering this appeal, partially upheld it,
and this is the latest
information we can provide on the
program.  The judge, who has studied
this appeal, partially upholds it.
The case investigating actor
Rodolfo Sancho for alleged
harassment has been reopened.  Do you see it?
Clear.  Look, I think they can
fine him.  Yes, it was, but I had to
update.  We do
care about our community,
Peppa, because Peppa says this
is dead.  That's if every Spaniard had a peso
, but not me.
Peppa says this channel is the grandfather of
my life, yellow heart.  There are no
kids today, right?  Yes, there will be a little bit of
georgio.  Yes, it is true that today I
almost have a
video ready for the main one, but no.
Okay, so the seed has
a bit of a tongue lashing, right?
Caramel, chocolate bar.
Rolling with laughter.  Face
twisting with laughter.  face
twisting to see with the
beating that he is hitting
Carmen,
but not me, where they have to go, he
shakes the microphone when you ask your
son to take the chestnuts out of the
fire.  When you're the one fighting, you don't
know how to sauce.
How ridiculous.
Hey,
hey, in the end it's going to be true that the
channel is going to be lifted.
This channel never goes well.  Ha ha ha.  For
these people.  But it's not going well for
anyone, is it?  That is, Juanjo says that
this channel is a
failure,
but not me, where he has a failure.
The lizard smokes.
Pass.  The crocodile, not the lizard.  Speak
properly.
Failed.  This is right now, huh?
This is right now
, but hey, it's streaks, eh?  They are
streaks.  I don't like to say it about
numbers because, well, and abuse.  They are
streaks, they are streaks.  Maybe one day he'll
have more than we do on women.
This is the information we have at
this time of the afternoon.  We just
met Spanish,
but not me.  They have to give Yes, you see.
Well, since he's dead, let's take out the
challenge, shall we?  Yes, even if it is, right?  Even if it
is, right?  Sister.  Hey, well, it's not like there
aren't any topics this week either, right?   It's
been a bit of a chilly week
to talk about Fran, I really don't
feel like opening up a circle.
None of your three channels are dead
.
Yeah, man, it's
so-so.  They are so-so.  They all say
that we are screwed with
visits and viewers.
These people say it and they are very wise.
For Peppa.
You know what these things you're doing now, meeting goals and all that stuff tomorrow, right?  I
mean, okay, 23 out of 50, right?  But
these things are what cause
insults for me tomorrow and the truth is
I wouldn't like Peppa to
insult me.  know this car and also eh
Fran Vero, colleagues, we just
spoke with Silvia Bronchalo and we are going to
hear her for the first time reacting to
this judicial decision which of course
is very
Today I am recording a video on the
main channel about Trium and Joaqun.
We're not dead, we're partying.
Yes, I've already seen the
party.  I've already seen you out partying.
favorable for Silvia and a major setback
for Rodolfo Sancho.
I'm super happy because
wow, Silvia spoke
directly.
Peppa, we are determined to bring you the
opposite person with our hand on our
forehead.  Kiss, Manuemi.  By the way, Trium
released an exclusive that Silvia is in
Thailand,
because it's going ahead and well,
regardless of how all
this ends, it
seems fine to me, it seems fine to me that
a judge or but not to me where
they have to go.  We're not dead,
we're partying X de Dede.
You all are so scamps.  Lol.
Well, look, at least the
underworld is moving forward, right?  And
without any lolertas, right?  Also, right?
I love being in this underworld,
which is what she would love most.
Heart suit, heart suit.  Javi, you should
wait for the Trium video.  He will provide
evidence.  Yes, Pepi, but first I
want to release a video because I'm already late. I
should have released it, but with the
Fran issue, we've had a lot of
issues, but I want to release an
objective video, basically putting
everything into context for people who haven't
followed.  We haven't covered this here
on Telesalseo, or on the main channel, or
anything, so I want to make a video
just with the details, what
each person said, and so on, okay?  I don't think I'll have
much to say in the video, so
I'll see when I record it tonight, but
anyway, I won't have much to say, okay?  More than
anything, objective with the data, and when
Trium releases its video, we'll probably react to it
in the main post.
Between the fallen butt, the
spoiled chocolate and so many tight buns, it's not enough to keep
going, long live the handsome losers.
Well, the truth is, family, I'm going to say
one
thing.  I'm going to say one thing.  We'll be
in the underworld today.  We don't let you
speak.  Spicy chili, spicy chili,
woman dancing, woman dancing.   We'll
be in the underworld, but if
this is ruin, let it remain this way for the
rest of my life.
May it remain this way for the rest of your life.  If
this is going badly for us, when things go
well for us, we must donate to the king.  Who are
we going to donate to? A man wearing a
peaked cap.  Well, yes, man, whoever
likes it can also donate to the man
who also thinks a lot.  And it creates
very varied content.  Sister, how are you?
But not to me, to where they have to give.
Come on, it doesn't look like a party.  Ha ha ha.
A kiss, a kiss.  Hey, with this
nonsense we're 31 and we're just
starting the live show today.
Well, a court has considered that
verbal violence can
constitute a crime.  Yes, yes, it is.  I
mean, actually yes.  Um, the thing is, of
course, anything that happens between ex-partners is considered
gender violence.   It does
n't mean that Rodolfo is an
abuser, okay?  But they
can condemn him, they can do it with Javi.
Ray is going to be angry.  You're
going to get angry right away.  You'll see Pepa's anger tomorrow
.  I'm with Trium.  Furthermore, his
book is very complete.  Well, I don't think
the fight has anything to do with
each other's books, okay?   I
don't think the fights have anything to do with
each person's books in particular, but
anyway, let's see, I've been skimming
over everything, and we already have almost
the entire script.  Hey,
Luares is having to find me some clips, to
locate some clips because there's a
live stream out there from Laura Rodrguez that's been
deleted and I need that, I need to
view that content and they
're trying to
recover it for me
and Ah, the thing with Laura, man, is that Laura
Rodrguez deleted a live stream that was like the one that
caused the gossip
to spread and we have no way of
finding an excerpt, you know?  From
somewhere I can find it for the
queen of YouTube and GH face crying with
laughter.  Yes, yes.  You'll see tomorrow what's
going to happen to me because of
you.  You'll see tomorrow what's going to
happen to me because of you.   You
sent it to me.  Greetings from the
kids.
You'll see tomorrow what's going to happen to me because of
you.  That's it, we've almost
completed the challenge.  There are
38 for each Spaniard.  38. Come on, we have 12 left.
Let's go for the challenge.
Maria Betancor.  But he has already announced it.
But it wasn't.  No, Maria Betancor.  Tomorrow
is not.  No, where they have to go, but
he has already said what the
Chili Spicy channel is.  Spicy chili.
Spicy chili.  Do you remember?  Dancing, woman
dancing, it
can't be offensive enough.
The first message is, I think it may
lead to a fine.  As if he weren't sleeping
while he was doing the math.  Peppa, give the
notebook.
Well, I'm glad that they
gave you, I mean, that they paid attention to me
, but not to me where they should
give.  Look at this girl.  One more face
rolling with laughter.
I found this girl twitching her face at the zoo the other day.
I ran into this girl at the
zoo the other day and I said to her,
"Who are you?"  And she says, "Sometimes
angel, sometimes demon. I've never heard
that name in my life in such a
long chat. I'm an empowered woman."  Angel
said something face rolling with laughter.
say something.  For God's sake,
defend me if I'm a Spaniard.
My gaja, good night.  Joana
Morilla has it.  The live show is hosted by Joana
Morillas.
In which, can you please send me my gaja
via
WhatsApp.  Come on, at least the
important parties that started the conflict,
but not me, where they have to give.
Another round for all the partygoers.
Nursery, nursery.   Ha ha.
Joana says she has it.
If a peseta were given to every Spaniard,
but not to me, where should they be given?
Good night, Peppa.  Greetings for
Javi's coffee.  Well, not even coffee, but
with love.  By the way, Peppa in
real face smiling with
sunglasses.  I wonder if every Spaniard would give a bottle
, but not to me.  Where they have to
give, we are the ones who are there.  We are
those who are heart beating face
throwing a pink kiss.  Well, let me
see the content or
what?  Can I see the excerpt or
what?  Thank you, family.  Thank you very much
indeed.  I don't think Johana will help you.  He
has positioned himself with Joaqun Campo.  Well, what does that have to
do with me?
What does that have to do with me?  But not
me.  Where Pepa has to go,
I'm with Tago.
Dareol already said no.
Well, partially, partially there is
something that has been dismissed.
This has cheered me up a bit.  There is
something that has been dismissed and why is
it not explained
fully?
Mmiens if each Spaniard gave a peseta.
There is something that has been dismissed.   He
has it recorded.  You have to ask
her.
Well, it's true, it's true.  I can
ask Laura directly.  I'm
asking Joana.   I
can ask Laura,
but not me, where they have to go, because
there you see how much support she will have.  Javi,
this channel is in [ __ ], says
Peppa.  It's scum, it's a world, it's
a sewer.
Johana, of course it helps you.  And Dareol
too.  The other day he thanked you.
Who?  Sara thanked me.
Why me?  I haven't done
anything.  I haven't done anything.  But man,
of course not.  I mean, I don't know, if they have
fights between them, I have to
see it, I'll comment on it and give my
opinion politely.  Where do they have to
point this one too?  Cara, blowing
a kiss.  Cara, blowing a kiss.
Okay.
Hey, I wish this
never had to happen.  Javi, first
Peppa, a kiss, Ray.  Hey, that's it, we've
already achieved the first
objective of the night.  What I would have
liked is for them to have
explained clearly which part of this they
have estimated and which part they haven't, you
know?  I'm a little bit in the middle.
Yes, it is true.  It's true, Alejandro,
that these messages were already mentioned at the
time that I was going to report him, but the
literal meaning was indeed reported.  The messages were
counted, but not to me where they should
lead.  Ah, well, about the strike, that's
true, Sara.  Yes, the boy called me.
Yes, he called me and I exchanged a little bit with
them and got them to remove the
strike.  Yes it's true.  It's true.
I'm a bit of a dad, aren't I?  I'm a bit of a
dad, aren't I?  From
YouTube.  Well, challenge almost achieved, right?
A kiss, Camila, beautiful, welcome.
You weren't a member, Camila.  But are they the
same ones, or are they the same ones that
Silvia already reported, or are they?  They are the
same and only ones for which Silvia
filed a complaint.  What's happening?  That when
this complaint is filed in the first instance, it is filed
by the lawyer who is handling
Daniel Sancho,
Garca Montes.  Indeed,
I have a trial tomorrow, family.  Yolanda, a
kiss.
Peppa's channel, the first one and this one is
crap.  Well, Peppa Pig's Illusion is also
lived.
Well, not everyone.  Aim.  First
objective of the night accomplished.   I'm
not putting any more.  I'm not posting any more because you
won't let me
talk.  Ray, thank you so much.  Chari,
thank you very much.  Thanks to all.  Okay, I'm
not going to say any more because otherwise you won't
let me talk.
Spanish, but not to me, where they have to
give.
Woman dancing, woman dancing, woman
dancing, woman dancing, woman
dancing, woman
dancing.  Marcos Garca Montes explains,
well, in a victorious display, that
the case has been dismissed and speaks of
messages of alleged harassment, but
the exact details
of those messages are never released.  Tomorrow, wish me
luck.  tomorrow.  Well, I mean, the
truth
is, a little bit of
luck wouldn't do me any good more than once in
a while, right?  Let's see, I'll tell you what
happens.  I'll tell you what
happens.  Well, first objective, I'll
tell you what's going on.  We'll
see, shall we?  You already know what this is about, I don't
need to explain much, okay?   We
were already talking about it and well, if it does
n't go well, well, man, if it goes well
we celebrate it and if it doesn't go well we
assume it, eh, always, right?  Always take responsibility for your
actions.  That's
right.  A kiss, Sister,
beautiful.  How will they be disseminated?
Because that doesn't benefit Rodolfo Sancho
because, beyond the
legal aspects, of course, if you tell him in a message what you
're running for, that you're from the
town and you don't know English, it doesn't put you in a
good position to write that, does it?
Because he didn't expect this to become
public knowledge.  I'm going to set a second challenge
because we're going to see a few
more things and I'm going to set a second challenge.  I know
this community isn't going to make it,
okay?  I know that this community is not going to make it for
a second challenge, given the tough situation we're in
.  We're going to
love you just the same, don't worry.  No, I know,
Luigi.  If I know that no matter what happens, you
will love me the same.  If you end up seeing it
, then nothing happens.  What are we going to
do?
No, I hope justice is done.  Well yes,
Cristina, I mean, that's what I say, right?
If I made a mistake, I just own up to it
, right?  I mean, if my vocabulary
was more or less accurate, then so be it.  The thing
is, this
time I'm not being sued
for my vocabulary as such, except for a
couple of silly things.
Eh, they're not suing me for my
vocabulary, they're suing me because uh for
a live stream in which Marius Tiberian went up
and insulted this girl, right?
To this girl and her mother.  So,
the trial is almost entirely about
that, right?  And then, well,
there's also a story about little animals, I mean, I'll
tell you about it tomorrow, okay?
I'll tell you about it tomorrow, but whatever happens
, it will happen,
right?  I'm not going to tell you that I'll carry you
in my heart tomorrow because I'm not going.  I
mean, when I wake up, I'll
find out how it
went.  I side with Joaqun.
Man, I'll tell you one thing about that
topic and I'll say it in the video on the
main channel, okay?  Eh, it's fine with me that
each of you has your position and in
the conflict they have, you are more
on one side or the other.
But I also want to say that this
shouldn't stop you
from following
either of their True Crime content
.  But anyway
, second goal of the night,
okay?  Second goal of the night,
but I'm going to the bathroom for a second.
I wonder if a fish would give every
Spaniard, but not me, where they have to
Four-leaf clover.  Good luck
tomorrow,
red heart.  I wonder if a peseta were given to every
Spaniard, but not to me, where should they be
given?  Juanjo my friend, donate to your king.  It brings
luck.   Did
something happen while I was gone
[Applause]
?  Have you behaved well?  Lili,
Lili, did you post in the WhatsApp group
that we were here?
You posted in the WhatsApp group that we
were here.  Well, I'm going to
find out about this gossip with you here,
eh, because the truth is I didn't know about this
gossip.  I know there are a lot of people talking
today about what Laura Fa said and
also that Isap has betrayed
Tele5.  It surprises me, it surprises me.  But anyway
, now I'll tell you a little bit about what
I think about this topic.  But not me.
A kiss, thank you very much.  Come to
visors help the challenge.  A kiss.  A
kiss.  Pi, one of the mercenaries from
the TV factory, says Laura Fa
delights us with her bile, that she can't
say no to scar Cornejo.  Laurita,
pretty girl, wherever you stand you are only good
for carrying out the orders of those you
worship.  Hey, Pi, with all my love, Pi,
I'm not a
fan of almost anything
Laura Fa says, but, man, hey, you're no
good at carrying out the orders of someone you
worship, that's what a job is
practically about.  What's up, my
beautiful Dolores?  That's pretty much what
a job is all about, huh?  I mean, jobs
are based on that, on
having to follow
orders.  You are also an accomplice to the
crimes of disclosure of secrets,
espionage, and other matters that will
soon be dealt with in court.  No, Laurafa
has nothing to do with it.
I mean, I don't like this stuff
either.  I mean, trying to
persecute the entire environment of
a person we're against,
right?  Maybe you've been called up for
that, for being complicit with your
silence.  She is not one of the
victims and has nothing to do with it.
Okay, maybe they called you up for
that, for being complicit in your silence.
Laurita, if you meet Rosito, you
're going to explain to her why you said
what you wrote in X about her and her husband.
Man, you can see that.  From my life
such, my life is going to be in the
TV family, eh?  Ah, Laura Fa is
also going to be in the TV family.   There
will be positions for
everyone there.  There you go.  positions,
jobs for everyone, eh, there will be
spaces for everyone.  Thank you very much
Antena 3 for all this time, to Susana
Griso, that is, leave Antena
3, especially Alberto Daz, the
director, to Javi, don't go to Bologna anymore
because it bothers Peppa because she goes there a
lot.  Yes, Pepa goes to Bologna a lot,
but that's not that close to where she
lives, is it?  Look, it's not that far,
but it's not that far away, right,
Gab?
I've been super happy this time at En
Espejo, but new projects are coming.  The
life of a puppeteer is like that.  a float comes up
and a program that I
want to get on and with colleagues that I have
had for a long time, with scar
Cornejo, who is the one who called me, he is the one who
put me in Madrid many
years ago, the director of what was the
television factory, which is now the bear,
the bear and I have like that when he
calls me you have to go, I have to, it's that I
can't do anything else, eh?  Although no, I
mean, I don't have the capacity to know if it
will be good, bad, or so-so.  I always
think it will be good, whatever
I propose, but that's the headline I've
seen that if it will work, it won't
work.  How easy it is for some to
combine TV and how difficult it is for
others, isn't it?  Total.  And how unfair it is sometimes
for some of us who earn
much less than other people and
are forced to not be able to
combine.  But hey, we're
very used to it, aren't we?  Unfortunately,
there are other colleagues,
but here at Mamarachi, he's still here
, right?  What I understand is that, let's
see, I don't know if I understood it correctly,
eh, or if you want to correct me.  Okay, what I
understand is
that you can't combine it with
Antena 3 because it's incompatible.
Javi, did you know that the show's premiere
is going to cost half a million euros?  I
think so.  It's going to cost half a million euros
,
Pepi.  The show's debut will cost half a million euros
in taxes.
How is that going to be,
man?  No, it seems like an outrage to me
what each program costs.  fellow
journalists who do not have any
problems when it comes to combining
being on different channels.
Whatever, but why?  Why is it
incompatible or what?  I don't understand.
Because if the Antena 3 morning program
doesn't allow it.  Hm.
Well, says Isa Pantoja, "She's leaving Media
Set after a decade with the group,
signing for Spanish television and she'll be one
of the stars of the
TV family. If they've made her a better offer,
well, that's what it is. For me, well, this is
understandable, that's it. Hm, I don't know how
you see it. It's true that on the
one hand, you don't have that idea that
where you've been around for a while, you have to
take care of your work.
And let's see, to make this move, I'm
speaking to you from what I've always been a
normal, everyday worker, okay? To
leave a job you've had for
many years, like this one, right? As a
collaborator, and where they've given you an
opportunity, they've treated you well, it's
not like your life has been very
complicated, okay?
Well, it must be that they've
made you a much,
much better offer, I mean, if it
's just a bit more
money, eh, for a program that at the
moment only has a three-
month contract, and then we'll
see. You know?
Now 1 will be Telescirco.  Well,
Marina, it can't be exactly like Tel5
, I understand.  But hey, I expect
everything, I tell you too, okay
?  I'm already expecting everything too, I
tell you.  And the afternoon news, huh?  The
afternoon news.  Clara, Cha and Piqu
have broken up,
man.  After 3 years of
relationship they talk to me about third parties.
Don't [ __ ] with me.  Don't [ __ ] with me.
And it has broken.  We'll give you the names right away
.  One of the most couples.  I'm not
going to give it up, don't tell me that Piqu has
cheated on Clara Cha too,
huh?
media of our country has broken.  He
is often in the media spotlight
for his love and professional life.
She has been splashed by his fame.  They have
been at the top of the list of
most listened to songs in the
music world.
That track is definitive.  But don't
tell me,
man.  I mean, don't tell me that
crazy stuff.  Wow, it's a Shakira song, can
you imagine?
And the ex of one of them will make the
news go around the world.  Today, the ex
of one of them will make the news
go around the world.  The most
talked-about breakup.
I'm going to say it straight.  No, no,
wait.  Ah, the news was at noon
.  I found out in the afternoon.
Wait.  Hey, we have a
drum roll.  I know that a breakup is very unpleasant
, although a
romantic breakup is often an
opportunity for both.  For both, yes.
To continue, well, being happy or
seeking happiness.  However,
this is as far as we go.  Who?  Well,
how is there another horn?  Man, let's see,
another
horn would seem like an outrage to me.   It
would seem like an outrage to me, but oh well,
we'll see.
The couple who have been together for almost 3 years
and who have broken up are Gerard Piqu and Clara
Cha.  Oh, they confirm to me that they have broken up.
This girl wasn't the same one she
said, what did she say?
Ah, no, it wasn't her, no.  This girl was
the same one who said that the case
against Anabel Pantoja was about to be
closed.  No, it wasn't this one, it was another one.   It
was another one.  It was another one.  Sorry, sorry.  It was
another one.  No, this girl mentioned that
afternoon when Consuelo went to
see Amador.
I'm investigating the reasons a little
because I'm hearing from third parties,
but it's not that big of a
scandal yet.  Let's see, Piqu.   You
already have experience in not being trustworthy.
That on the one hand and on the other
hand he travels a lot with this Kin
Lee thing.  So we'll see, shall we?
Of course, there has been a crisis, you know that there have been
rumors of a crisis between them for many months
.  In fact, a month ago they
appeared
in the chat saying that they have
denied the news.
Yes. In Miami, at an ice cream shop with a
redheaded girl, right?  In Miami, at an
ice cream parlor with a redheaded girl.  But
who denied the news?  The
protagonists.  I don't know if that girl is
the reason or not, but it's true that there have
been many rumors, so they confirm it to me
.  In addition, the couple's environment is very
close.  Gerard Pique and Clara
Cha have broken up.  They have been there officially since August
2022, as far as we all know.
Wow, what a pain to have
a story like that denied, huh?  I mean, it looks
terrible, right?   Having
a story like that denied is
terrible, huh?  And they are no longer together.  What do
you think?
I'm not surprised because I know they
had a crisis, because she wanted to
move forward in the relationship, to be a mother and
so on, and he was still somewhat wary.
And her family wasn't very
happy with her relationship with
Piqu.   It
seems to me that a little girl played a
very conceited role with the separation, the
saquirazo, the songs.  I think
once they survived that I thought they
would be eternal, but it's clear there have
been worse things.  Eternal because they
have eh because they have survived the
criticism.  I'm looking for something
I want to comment on now,
man.  I'm looking for something I want to
comment on now about the Verairun pillar.
This is the devil's old lady
, but
I don't know that I have something
pending that I had to comment on with
you,
man, and I can't
find it and I can't
find it.  Damn, where would I be, man?
Man, a nail removes another nail, but it does
n't hold the wood
forever.  Already.  Yes. And I think Shakira's tour may have
also had a
big influence on Piqu's travels and
all that distance, like, where was it?
Damn, there was something I wanted to
show you the other day and I forgot it and
Pilar is looking for it for me, but what she's sending me
isn't because it was from a
space.  Doesn't that sound familiar to you, Lili?
I do
n't think so, it's not that Pilar sent it to me, it's
going to be from
Twitter.  It's going to be Twitter,
Lili.  Damn, I feel bad for leaving
something behind, huh?   It
would have made the distances eh
think more.  Yes indeed.  Look, if he's
already done it to Sakira, why wouldn't he
do it to this girl?  No, but
it's true that having his
children in Miami means he's
away a lot, his various jobs mean he's
always on the road.  What would the jam be made
of raspberry, apricot?  I love the
apricot jam, the strawberry jam, and the
apricot jam
.  Me too.  In the end.
Who do you say has
denied it?  Who do you say has
denied it?  Javi, how is Tyrion?
How long has it been since we saw him?  No way,
Clara.  Lolo, well, two or three days ago he did
come out here.  He was here in my room
two or three days ago.  The thing is that it
was probably the salsa bar
, but we were there.  Yes,
we were there.  Oh, but where did it go, man?   I
wanted to comment on this and in relation
to this screenshot that
you sent me the other day, which was like how
stalkers should be, man.  I
mean, I go on TV because
these people call me, and you know they call me
from time to time, right?  In the end, I
dedicate myself to this, I mean, I dedicate myself to
YouTube and from time to time I get calls from
some sites to collaborate and I
collaborate, I mean, and every time I collaborate
on a site, this evil lady shows up to
answer the tweets.  I
mean, look, it's a tweet that
isn't even a program that
she probably follows, because she appears
in all of them. This is harassment, okay?
teach plainly, okay?  Appear in
every tweet from every show I
collaborate on.  The other day, in every tweet that
Ike Jimnez posted, when I was on his
show, in every tweet that IK
Jimnez posted about me, the devilish old lady
posting things like this, no, don't
call it that anymore, I don't know what.  Yes, yes, Pilar
called me from Tele5 and said they're not calling me
anymore for your opinion, they're going to call
your friend Peppa.
And what a shame,
man.  Too bad,
man, I can't find the cli.  It was a
tweet,
Lili.  It was a tweet.  I don't know what you're talking about,
aunt.   She's
hated it since I went on your
mother's channel to tell her what she had done
with the association.  So, this gentleman
hates me.  He hates me since I entered
your channel. This man hates me since I
entered your mother's channel.  No, look,
maybe the problem, Pilar, apart from the fact
that you're chasing me everywhere,
insulting me and being a stalker,
maybe the problem is when, for
example, you posted a tweet saying that
I was a friend of others' property, where do they have to be,
that's a real pain.  Let's see if
Peppa does stay with Pike.  Hey, Peppa
was in love with Piqu when she was little,
huh?  That might also have an influence,
Pilar, the fact that you start putting a T saying
that I'm a friend of other people's property is really
outrageous.  It's really a pain for you to
say that, huh?
And also, for example, I kept
money from a collection from a hospital
for
sick children.  Salom says, she's been doing this since
the beginning of the live show.  Yes, and it's going to
close.  Well, well, just look,
Peppa, if she says this about us, what she's
going to say about other
channels, but oh well.  Well, that's it.
We are failures according to him.
I wonder if each Spaniard would give one peseta.
Hey, I'll probably give you a
challenge there so you can go and lend a
hand.
Peppa and the Asturean have given us the
energy to achieve the challenge.  Hey, but I do
n't know if I should send you to the Asturian
to challenge him, right?  The poor guy,
right?  And what is the challenge about, Salom?
Mother, to tell her what he had done.
Escalope says, "Pilar, I'll pass that tweet to you. I
passed it to her, Pilar. Did
you hear what
Escalope said about the Spanish Association
Against Cancer? Hey, jumping. It's that they
've violated the data protection law
. That they've violated the
data protection law. I mean, when they
start talking nonsense as if they
're cultured, right? And then they think
Bangkok is the New York of China, me.
But they've violated
data protection. Who has violated
data protection? People calling
an association where money is donated to
worry if the money has
arrived. Gabriel, about Electra, Gibel and
all those debates, eh, I think
Wale or Wizard have it prepared for me. I think they have
it prepared for me for the salcera.
Yes, yes, they have it prepared for me, I'll see it
there.
But since they jumped on it asking for
Loli's details, this morning on
Twitter we were laughing at how
Elena had asked Carima, or I don't know  what is the
name of the one from Mexico?  The one from Mexico, the one
from Mexico.  Asturias, my dear homeland.
Hey, I'm asking you to calm down about the
challenge, okay?  We've already achieved a
50-chill challenge, okay?  We don't need to
get two.  It would seem
outrageous to me if we got two.
Hey, this Elena, hey, the lawyer entering
Loli's chat and then
Javi himself in the Trium Arts live, hey,
who stopped the live, hey, then, I
mean, let's see, hey, here of course
what Perfecto.   I
think I sued you for that.  First,
because you have not committed any
crime that would make it an illicit act that
presents it as a
scam.  What Pilar says here is, eh,
what I'm always going to keep in mind, eh,
the amount would have to be, eh, guys, I'm
really going to tell you this with respect, I
've said it many times, but it seems to me
that it shows extreme
intelligence, okay?  What I'm going to
tell you, I'm going to tell you with respect
so that no one takes it the wrong way, okay?
A peseta Ris, a kiss.
Who suddenly chooses one day where
we are as failures.
Kiss, Ray, whoever suddenly decides to watch
another show or anything, okay?
Sounds perfect to me, okay?  That's not what
I recommend, okay?  I recommend that
you stay here, and if there's
anything we need to talk about, we'll do it here, okay?
But it seems to me that it's very
unintelligent of you to be in a
YouTube chat, which is done by several people,
right?  And when another channel starts
broadcasting, you start in the chat.  I don't know who's
on live.  I don't know who's on
live, guys.  We are here
live.  You don't have to announce other
live broadcasts, especially in the
chat.  I mean, it seems to me that it's
intelligence, right?  If there's something worth
discussing, it will be discussed here
tomorrow, or on my main channel tomorrow, or
wherever, but we don't watch other channels, much
less crime.
and less of people who have harassed us and
threatened us.  But come on,
maybe if I say something rude, I'll
say it calmly, okay?  Maybe if I
say it rudely you'll get upset, right?  But
I'm going to say it calmly, man.  I
think it's not very intelligent, right?  You go into
McDonald's and stand in
line and say that the burger next door is
cheaper.  Girl, there
are often people who are missing a
ticket, and it's also very
rude.  Well, here we are
with other topics and what if there's something that
interests you, which I doubt, okay?  When there is
someone who doesn't know when there is something that
interests us, we will comment on it.  Tomorrow
we'll open on the main page. I'll make a
video like I always do, but I've already
said it, you don't see channels that threaten,
that harass, that leak things, I don't know, you don't
see them.  Three points and a block,
family.
over 406 and they are but it's not
because we get along well or badly, it's just that
sometimes you do it even with channels that
I get along well with.  He opened
this one and you start there three or four,
pum, pum, pum.  What do we do?  Are we leaving?   Are
we leaving
?  Honestly, these are little things that
shouldn't have to be explained.   There
are 240. Therefore, you are not a
fraudster according to the law.  Uh, and second what
I said about donations.
Wait, what did he say here?  According to what I
said
regarding Nuer, the
amount would have to be greater than
406, and it is 240. Therefore, Nuer is a
fraudster according to the law.  Ah, the amount
would have to be more than 400, not 240.
Therefore, you are not a scammer.  Well,
what an explanation you've
given.  Well, well, what a good
explanation you've given,
mate.  You don't find that, Lili.  Oh,
what was it?  What
was it?  Well, what an explanation, Pili.  Well, I do
n't know if I want you to defend my
life someday, okay?  And secondly, what I said
about
donations, they are subject to the
data protection law and according to these four
or five channels in those days, which wasn't
just him, he and those who echoed it.   They
broke the law.
Effective, Pepa, nobody broke
any law.  Peppa,
daughter.  Nobody broke any laws.
Indeed, but that's not the aggravating factor
, they just broke the law with you.
But according to these
people, the Spanish
Cancer Association violated the data protection law
.  No, no, no, no, no, no
one, no one, no one gave us
Peppa's ID number, or Peppa's address,
or Peppa's phone number, or her first name, or her
last name.  It was said, "Hey, there's a
YouTuber who has collected this money
to donate to you."  Did he give it to you?  Yes. He
was here first thing this morning and
donated it.  He tried to make it anonymous,
but it can't be anonymous.
And on top of that they start defending that.
Ari, yes, my collaborators.  Yes, they go up.
What happens is that I didn't do it this
week.  It's just that this week I've done
less live shows here in Thessaloniki, to be
honest.  But for everything that's messed up
with Fran and we've done.  You just can't
do 20 at once.  It can't be done.  A
kiss, my Pili.  Pili, damn,
we couldn't find that, man.  What a disgrace.
Ah, then there is a
problem because it's not just you.  Yes,
yes, we have a problem there, huh?
We have a serious problem there, huh?
Everyone broke the law, eh, but it was a serious
problem.  A serious, serious problem,
eh, a serious problem, eh, careful, eh,
a serious, serious problem, eh, because it
's not just with you, eh, eh, the first
day I spoke, I already said it, eh, they
were messing with very
serious entities, but it's not the only one that's on
top of this man.  How many do
I have, Pilar?  How many entities do I have
on top of me?
Hello, the note is coming soon, it's
coming soon.  Okay, but okay, with
this one, listen to me, with this one I think there are
12 lawsuits he's filed against me.  12,
eh, the dozen, the dozen.  The dozen.  Eh,
then it seems very good to me, I
said it the other time, this gentleman has every
constitutional right to sue and
I have my constitutional right to
defend myself.  I also have saved and
perfectly saved eh where
the comments on my tweets came from eh
that come from Naturfly and Wilson.
[Laughs]
Well, what a
source, especially the
Wilson.  Javi Pilar hasn't spoken to
Peppa for a long time.  Sure, sure, but he
defends her from this because he
was defending her today, right?  They just
sent me to defend her today.
Uh, I don't have it, Lili on Saved on
Twitter.  See if it was from Luxito or
one of those because it was a space from that
linen store
.  Let's see.
No, no, Tesa, it was a clip from someone who
uploaded the clip.  Peppa donated the 240 and I
don't know if Loli has had cancer or not.  He
will prove it where appropriate and it is not to
me.
Mm, right, this is because she's
questioning Fran now.  Sure.
No, but Loli will prove it.  Okay,
okay, okay.  Pilar, my daughter, you're not more
pathetic
because it was when I was with your mother
about the 240 and I seem to
remember that in those two she said, "
Well, but if this man has offered, uh,
has asked his community for money to
pay a sentence and if he wasn't convicted,
uh, uh, he was going to give it to an association for
sick children. Then he posted another one
that canceled the CrowFU.
I didn't post one that canceled the
crowdfunding. I opened a crowdfunding.
What you said, ma'am, okay? That
like everyone else, you're defamers,
because there's no other way, you can't
find it.
What you said was that I made a
collection for sick children and that
I kept the money because I'm a friend of
others' property. That was your defamation, that I'm not
suing you because by the
time the trial, preliminary hearing, and
things like that come, well, you won't be in
this world to answer. Then you won't
pay, now find her, do you understand?
And that's what  that you're playing, okay? I
mean, your friend Lolly Huerta, for example,
I sued her and she didn't even appear in the case,
okay?  and that's what you play with.
So, on other occasions, I wouldn't really
care because I'm not in a
hurry.  Do you know why I'm in no hurry to file
lawsuits?  Well, because I'm not going for
the money, I'm going for the honor.
Okay?  I already sue when it's something
that I say, "This can be fought for, this
makes sense, they've defamed me here, they've
defamed me there, but I'm not doing it for
the money. So, I don't care,
in quotes, I don't care, no,
because we have to wait, there's no other
way, it's not taking long, okay? But with
you who are 70 years old and make a
fool of yourself on Twitter and we simply
put the clip here and you, well, we have to take
into account, right?, that you are a
person who says things like this, pineapple
that Bang, Bangkok eh is not Thailand,
but it's China, eh, that in Bang it is
Thailand, it's China and Javi doesn't get it.
China, Bangc, Teres Alce, this one was a fan of
yours too. Yes, yes, this one was from here. She
was sucking up to me in a space. She told me,
eh, Roberto put the click of the
aunt sucking up to me in
a space. Oh, Javi, I don't know what.
Defending myself from the haters,  No? Uh, I don't
know when this old lady turned
against me. I don't know when it was,
actually, uh, it was a
British colony and the two languages are the Bank.
It was a British colony, you know?  I
'm from the colony, right?  Let's see, I
use COS and I think I have Calvin
Klein, okay?  But my favorite is the one with
the cos.  Mandarin and English both
Mandarin.  Mandarin.  Franco is speaking
Mandarin commercially, uh, uh, like at the
business level.  Well, Mandarin is spoken
, but commercially and at the
business level in both ways.  Okay.  Eh eh eh
eh
this is the New York, the New York eh of
Asia.  The New York of Asia.  The New
York of Asia.  Hey, so Zara isn't there
.
Shanghai.  [ __ ] [ __ ], next to
Bangkok, the New York of Asia.
And there's Coco Chanel and there's Raf Lauren.  And there
are many, many
exquisite, exquisite, eh,
exquisite, eh, eh, eh signatures, the thing is
that, ah, there are more tweets,
man.  Damn, it makes me
angry, it would make me angry not to find
that,
girl, because the other day she decided to
defend her friend Peppa, who doesn't
talk to her, she defends her.   He
gave another version of the 240 new, but
not to me where the mummy is
confused with Hong Kong.
A kiss,
Vivi.  What I had a year and a
half ago was
cancer and now what I have is a little
less piece of lung, something that
regenerates and whether you
want me to sit in the corner or
not be quiet.  I swear to you by the memory of
my father and that my mother won't wake up tomorrow
, that even if I have lung cancer
and am still alive in two
months, I will
take care of this with my last breath.
What you're hearing is from
over a year ago, uh, June 25, 2023.
The issue isn't that a
disease is being invented.  The issue is not that
a disease is invented, right?  If, for example, she
were simply a liar, then you
could say, "Wow, that's ugly, that's
shameless, right?
Hey, making up an illness that you haven't
had, okay? Or that you don't have,
okay? Imagine that there were people
today who were also saying, "No, that's
not the point, the point is that
this woman used that condition that she did
n't have to beat us up about how
evil we are, right?
And because knowing that she had cancer, which we
knew, we took advantage of it to ruin her."
That's the problem. I mean, uh the issue,
right? Uh, that a person
invents an illness or not. Well, if he's
using her to scam like
for things, right? Yeah, sure. Yes, if he's
using her like Paco San to scam and he
's asking for money to get cured,
sure, that's a scam too.
Okay, but if Loli had simply
said, "No, it's that I have cancer and
then she doesn't have it, well, nothing, she
would simply be a liar.  That's
it, nothing would happen either.  may
seem uglier to you.  All lies are
ugly, some more than others, but all
lies are ugly.  The thing is that he
did this this this this to
crush
us.  That's the point, huh?  But
anyway.  Look, look what's going on.  But no,
we didn't find the space, huh?
This is another tweet defending her
friend, but it's not Space.  These are just
insinuations.  Peppa didn't do a live stream
to raise money for cancer.
Halfway through the live stream, as he arrived on Super
Chat, he said that he would donate what had arrived
.  No, no, no.  That what had
arrived would be donated and what arrived from
now on.  No, when, where and
how is up to you?  No, no, no.  When?
How and where?  No, no, no, no.  When
is it?  The moment you get paid.  Where is the
Association Against Cancer?  He said it on
the live stream, okay?  And of course, how and
when not.  When you collect it, you deposit it,
okay?  Just like I did here, right?
By the way, that's what this lady is. She
accused me of keeping money
I raised for children with cancer.
Of course, I proposed opening a
crowdfunding campaign like we did now,
right?  We made the box, and by the way, I do
n't even know how the box works.  I don't even know how the box
works, but oh well,
we neglected it.  I don't know, I don't know if it has
grown, I'll look at it later.  I proposed the
box for, imagine, right?  The box and
now suddenly I win all the lawsuits, they
return all the costs and such.
Well, what would I do?  Well, I'll probably
do something nice,
donate something, or whatever, I know.  What
I said there was, "Let's do this fundraising
campaign, we'll raise the money, and if it
turns out I win, well, I'm not
going to keep the money, we'll give it to something
nice, whatever, but I haven't
kept any money because
the crowdfunding didn't happen, it was reported to me and
these people threw it at me, well, these people
who supported these
people. Others have done it on their
live channel to raise money for a gift
for a child in the hospital, they didn't do it and it hasn't
proven anything. It's spreading all over the internet.
Estati is an idiot. Sensitivity depends
on the neighborhood. What live stream have I done
to raise money for gifts for a
child in a hospital and they didn't and they didn't
give it to him. That's a
lie. A box was opened, they
reported it and threw it away and I said, "I'm not
opening any more boxes, whoever wants
metal." And people started asking me,
eh, PayPal and the normal things,
each to their own, period. Okay,
but a live stream was done to
collect gifts for a child in the hospital.   Of
course, if I sue this lady
, it's a
sure loss because there's no room for Cheer Up
Retor Kendy or anything like
that.  This, what
is it,
Lili?  What is this,
Lili?  So, Pilar, what is this?  I wonder
if a peseta were given to every
Spaniard, but not to me, where should they be
given?
The box point is for Peppa.
Ah, this is the Host, this
is a tweet from Pilar Vera when she
made it up for [ __ ]
face.  It was invented because of the [ __ ] nerve
that they hadn't let me into
the
party.  It's just non-stop, man.  He
made up a front that they hadn't
let me in for the party.
Frank took it and said, "But Javi came to
pick me up. He didn't go because he didn't want to,
right? Or I showed the emails from IB sending me
the tickets, I don't remember what that
was, right? And to rectify it he says,
well, uh, maybe he was at the
party,
okay? Even if he implied in his
live stream that he was at the
hotel, at least so as not to upset
Dallas, this is already a bit mean,
please. Look at what I'm saying about
Javi, that he didn't say he was
at the party so as not to upset
Dallas. But what does that have to do with it? And
Dallas, why would he be upset that I'm
going to the
party? He's not my boyfriend and I don't have
any other thing there or anything like that. I mean,
what would it have to do with it? The only reason I
didn't go to the party is because it
's not an event that I know about and he goes and
invites you the souvenirs. But it's just that it's just
that it's absurd, right? As if
this year I  I feel like going, it's here in
Seville and I want to go. So I'll order some
tickets and go, right? That's all there is to it.  Or I
buy them because I can also buy them, I
can also afford to buy them, right?   But anyway,
since he's
lied blatantly, instead of
apologizing and correcting the lie, what he
does is, well, he hid it
so as not to upset Dallas, so the
bad guys would say, "Oh, oh, well, he says
, they still have to
prove that Loli Huertas hasn't
suffered from cancer, that the association
gave him the data on Peppa's donation
, that the two of them laughed at the
cancer of a certain
pillar. He thinks he has an exclusive letter
of truth. What others publish
about him is a different story. What a clown,
huh? How
ridiculous. This is the
same. Ah, this could be it. Hey, watch your
orders. It's that this man, I've
heard his followers say on one
space, we are the owners of the internet.
Hey, we are, family. We are the owners
of the internet. We are, family.
Based. Well, tell the boss to learn how to
pronounce it and not say internet.
Ah, okay, okay, okay. Hey, and everything  like that.
And everything like that. And everything. Okay, okay. And everything
like that. That's it.
Well, look, Pilar Vera, learn
where Bangkok is and learn what it's
called
bacle,
bale, not Blacke.  Black's word
exists.  I don't know what Black means
.
de blacke.  But why are you trying
to act like you're on top of things with that tone,
right?  From eh eh eh
.  What a [ __ ] nerve
.  I can't
find it anymore, I can't find the clan.   I ca
n't find the click.  What a
shame.  Well, we'll see another day.
I wonder if a peseta would give each.  Oh, I'll
tell you another thing: he cares
about those [ __ ] women and they're not on
live talking anymore,
sea.  They
really are, they are things,
man.  These are real things that
escape me, right?  These are things that
escape me, to be
honest.  Oh, they suffered.  But how was it?   They
gladly suffered with pleasure, sir, what
women don't do to you,
what bothers you is that there are
women who enjoy, who
enjoy.  You who heard some
scream, it would be of pleasure, I say, something
that you are possibly not used to
when sharing your bed
with some woman who I don't believe
voluntarily wants to be with you,
because I believe that if you don't put yourself out
there you won't get away with anyone, Mr.
Chi, it seems to me that you are a
disgrace to yourself and to the
manhood of Argentina.  You're not a
first-class Argentinian, you're a piece
of garbage in my opinion.
But not to me, where you have it, as you
are putting it, right?  Pilar Vera is a
want but can't.  A want but can't.
Completely.  ngeles says, "Let's see if
you learn to say
wardrobe instead of closet."  Javi
Oliveira, I don't understand you, Angela.   It's
not
worth it, it's not worth anything.  And what you say
makes no sense except to insult, to
hurt, and to try to put yourself in that
position that Franesta is in, which
you will never have.
In fact, they told me that it has
already been given a name, right?  Will, uh, Chi
the Savage or something, right?  Javi, who
's the girl?  Well, she's a YouTuber, I don't
know her name.  I don't know her
name, eh, it doesn't say it, but I have
seen some videos of her sometimes,
eh, maybe commenting on some live show
I've done with Fran or whatever.
Uh, it came out, it came out, but no, I do
n't know the name.  If you want to put your
name in the chat, if anyone knows it, it will
never be, because you will
never be the man that Francestado is.  I
think she also works with animals,
because I
once watched a video that talked about us
and she worked with animals.  You don't have that
capacity, you don't have that light.
When there isn't any, there isn't any, and not even all the
money in the world will give you that
light and that shine, because
nothing shines on you and nothing suits you.
Because when there is a lie,
deceit, evil inside, which we
have realized, which
so many people have realized, I
assure you that
no television program or
any creepy YouTuber who wants to
associate himself with you is going to change our minds, because you also
say that it took a lot for someone to
want to get you to talk.  Of course it
was X who admitted it because
none of the others would and they
complain that they have haters.  No, no,
sorry, it was worse.  Uh, he said to LX in
this video, that was, come on, cool,
cool, right?  Because you
also have a lot of haters following you,
man.  This account that hates me, Guanche, is
super carrasquista, right?  He says, "Look,
Guanche, no, and he has a picture there of
Roseo Carrasco, eh, the best mom or something
like that, right?
And he says, "And he spends all day giving me
crap, eh, outrageous things.  The day
Fran Cuesta and Dallas stop paying him and
filling his fridge, he'll start to rant
like he did with Antonio David
Pena Flores.  That guy has no friends, no
ethics, no morals, and no shame,
since he loves to portray himself as the useless
YouTuber in Spain and around the world.  From
Spain and global.  Based, eh, Guanche,
based, the truth.  not a single but.  Sure,
exactly.  That's what the
SKX is like.  He has haters because he has a channel
that uses the hate and the
current difficulties at that
moment, and it's filled with people who hate him
too. They all get together and inflate the
balloon.  And there you are, right?  On a
hater channel because you are what you
are, because you behave the same
way.  Look, it's the same pattern, it's eh
the typical eh the typical person who
when he wants to be with you to become
an extension of you, okay?  I mean, what
you want from your community, from your
collaborations or whatever, is an
extension of you.  He thinks the same as you,
absolutely on everything.  Okay?  I said it
in one of the last videos, I think it
was in the last video I made, the
main one, right?  And then, when he
realizes that he's not going to get anything out of you
, he moves on to the other side,
right?  Nobody caught Chin.
Nobody has taken up all these things that he is exposing and all his story.  Farm project is called the
girl.  Farm and animal shelter project
.  And so I send you a kiss that
always speaks well of me.  I think, I think,
eh, if not we will see each other face to face.
Hm.  He has tried with several media and
with several YouTubers and several have said
no.
Several people told him no, because what he
had to present was complete
crap and illogical.  Another hater on
the list, which isn't that big,
believe me, and which isn't as
important as you think.
Would you have wanted to go to a bigger channel
where there were millions?
Where Greev or where Plex possibly
consulted there and they didn't want it.  Oh
man, I understand that Plex is not going to
talk to him.  I understand that Plen is not going to
talk to him.  Better memes, look, better meme
than Wally Wizard,
huh?  You can buy this guy a rum and coke
.  Here comes Delx.  Oh, they've already
eaten it.  And a fool for sport, huh?  What a
shame.  But if you lick them
a little bit more, they might
invite you.  Well, I don't think they're going to invite you to do that, or even kneel
down
, sir, because those kids are
n't going to want a fame-hungry, hate-hungry character.  They're not going to
want you, sir.  I would never want it
either.  What I want, what I
want is to see and I will see it and we will
see it together as you are here and
tomorrow here and the day after here and there will come a
time when it will be completely forgotten.  And
the only thing you will be remembered for
is your badness and wickedness,
your
poisons, your bad words.
But not to me, to where they have to give.
She made a video of Dallas and called him
out.
She has given Dallas a hard time.
Because?
Because?  But she comments on things about Fran
and the
animals.  Hey, no, huh?   Let's
see, I want you to see something that they
sent me.  Give me a
second.  As you are here and tomorrow
here and the day after here and there will come a time
when you will be completely forgotten and the
only thing you will be remembered for will
be your bad and wickedness, your
poisons, your evil deeds.  Wait a minute,
they sent me something they want me to
read.  Ah.
I wonder if a peseta were given to every
Spaniard, but not to me, where should they be
given?  when I criticize Paloma.
Ah, well, opinions,
words for your false accusations.  We
will remember you, Mr. Chit.
We will keep it in mind, but not here.  One
day you will be in the distant past and
Fran Cuesta will be gone.  And Fran Cuesta has
left the sanctuary to his children,
partly to Paloma and partly to someone else.
Do you know why?  Because he has
leupemia, sir, and Francoa knows he
may not have much time left.  Don't
you realize what's
happening?  I do.
Well, he's put it nicely, huh?  He has
put it fine.  We're going to be here a
little longer.  It's 2:30, okay?  Family, just
a little longer, okay?
[Music]
No. Yeah, right?  Just a little while longer.  Yes.
No, what, expensive.  No, I don't know what you're
talking about.  If you send it to me
.  M. Let's
see, I wanted to take a look at what
Carmen said, it seems that Pepa hit it hard
today.
I'm sick, I'm sick and I'm sick.
Both, both.  I'm
sick.  I'm sick and I'm feeling bad.  I'm going to
get into Fran's topic.  I think
quite a few.  Well, this is my opinion and I
'm not going to get into Fran's topic.  I think
he's already been getting hit enough
all over the place.  But come on, these
are such badasses that people just
want the badass to hit Fran and
bounce back to Javi and for Javi to look bad
with this whole thing.  And this is a bit of what
I'm seeing from the outside, seeing
the characters who are working
with all of this.  Come on, it's
clearer now.  No, no, if Fran were to get together
with me and I would say with Dallas and
me, but well, above all, well,
with both of us, because Dallas has some
bad guys, I have other bad guys and there are
some who are more obsessed with
Dallas and others who are more
obsessed with me, but they wouldn't be
against Fran.  I mean, if Fran were,
if Fran were a person, imagine
if Fran, I mean, the turning point
isn't whether Fran lies or doesn't lie or
whatever, the point is Abi Dallas.  If Fran had
joined us, but had
come out, for example, and said, "Dallas
mistreated his dog, so the dog
just has to stay here, then
these people would be shooting at the chi."
Come on, they wouldn't have attended to the
chi.  If the two of them argue tomorrow, you'll
see how they defend him.  It's just that Fran
was so bad.  Maybe we didn't
have any evidence to say those things.
How rude of you, my friend Javi, not to defend
Fran in this very bad situation.  Come on, we
can't, we can't, we can't base ourselves
on, uh, the whole journey and the
history because that's how they work, right?  It
is not a supposition.  No no no no no.  People would
criticize Jos Bretn if we
started making videos about Jos Bretn.
And I mean, they would defend Jos Bretn, they would
say, "Well, you know, he's suffered a lot,
whatever."  We've seen it in
the past, they've killed each other, they've
called each other scammers, they've called each other
trash, they've said everything.  When they
start fighting with us
or having a problem with us, they
support each other, they unite with each other.  A person
who suddenly criticizes you, [ __ ], well,
we've talked about this many times, I don't
want to give personalized examples, it doesn't
matter.   We
have even seen him defend the husband
of a woman who has been
sentenced to eight years in prison for abusing
a girl from the age of 10 to 14.
For God's sake, what are we talking about
now, what are we talking about?  All the
bad guys, all of them came out to defend her in
some way.  All.  The one who didn't do it with
a retweet, but with a supporter,
wants to file a complaint against me.
Apparently Joan Planas has convinced her, just imagine
, Joan Planas has taken a
Choni and convinced her to file
a complaint against me so he can come out and say that I have been
sued.  A girl who has spent
a year insulting me, stalking me, and I
have it all stored here.  But
well, his fantasies and his obsessions
because he was not able to face me in a
debate and he had to go to trial instead of
facing me in a debate,
cry.  Oh, I'm scared of your videos with
that famous lady who
has a channel, eh, who started crying the other day
.  Now I can do something else that I've
done here, make Peppa cry.  I'm
sorry, Peppa, okay?  Look, this is what
poor Peppa cried about. Well, I don't know if she's going to
cry again today, huh?  Because we're going
for the second objective, 16 out of 50.
Manolete, if you don't know how to bullfight, why do
you get involved?  If you're not ready to
get into this, then don't get involved.
If you're only prepared to crush
people, to insult them and to just ignore
any other
person's pain and not to let anyone talk about you,
then I'm sorry, Peppa, I'm so sorry
, but I'm going to continue the same and I'm going
to talk about you until I get bored.  And
look, I'm not a pain, if you're a pain with
Javi, you can't beat me at pain,
I'm more of a pain.  I'll tell you this now so that...
Of course he cried, Gero.  I'm going to
put it now.  She started crying and called
Angel.  But you think I'm
scared, Angel.  But, but, what world do
you live in?  But I'm afraid of what
Angel might tell me.  I laugh in
Angel's face.  What are you going to tell
my Angel?  Well, he's your son.  I understand that he
defends you, but I don't give a damn about
what
you're saying.  Now we're going to
put it.  Zadita alive.  I can't take it
anymore.  I can't take it anymore.  Of course, telling him he
has stork legs is a
horrible thing to do.  That she calls me a [ __ ], a
[ __ ], ugly, I don't know how much, eh,
my wife's chet, my hair, my botox, I was
shameless and all that.  That's nothing.
What's wrong with Carmen?  It's
true that his voice is not very good, isn't it?   [ __ ]
.  My daughter gives me fruit, huh?
All that is nothing,
but I say that he is going around
Antonato with the little feet of a stork.  That
is something that cannot be done, it is a
horrible thing.  Let's see for you,
Pepa.  That is very
serious.  That's it, that's it.  Come on,
yesterday, well, this isn't from yesterday, it's from the
day before, as you know yesterday
I couldn't do the live broadcast from the day before and it
was all about sending people to
jerk off.  It's that she carries everything on the
same side, whether they put it in you bent over, or they
put it in you from behind, that's all.  And it was
anyone who came into his chat because he
said, "Let them have their say."  And then
when they gave their opinion, of course, he didn't like what they
thought.  "Jerk off. All
you need to do is jerk off."  This is
this lady's language,
this lady's education, and well,
this lady's world.  Jerk off.  You
need to do all this.  It was, it
was all [ __ ] in this live
.  Normal, normal is your day to
day.  Come on, come on.  Well, let's see
some things.  Come on, let's start
here.
The normal day to day, he says, "I started
collaborating with Javi, it was later."  Hey,
but Peppa, look at her, hey, she has everything
written down there and everything.  Well, everything about
Javi, you know he already has it in
order, everything, everything.  That's things and
not his, but Javi's, everything, everything,
everything.  First of all, if you remembered as much as what happened
with Javi, look, if you had
remembered to go and give the 240 you
would have saved yourself a lot of trouble.
Man, I would have earned less because you
also earned a lot with the 240.
But if that memory now that Palo has
of Javi, when Javi and I started
getting closer according to you, you would have had it,
because look, it was years ago, because it was in
2023. I mean, I don't remember when
I started getting along with Carmen.  I don't
remember,
honestly.  I don't remember, honestly.
Imagine, a long time ago, if you had had it to
go and pay what you had to
pay for, I mean, what you said you were going
to give to the cancer association, you
would have saved yourself a lot of trouble.  It's a
shame I only have memory for
Javi.  Alasne, come closer.  But what wings?
But what donkey?  Yes, I met Lasne
and the first time I spoke to her was
at
Javi's.  I don't know what this lady is talking about
.  I hadn't seen Lasne, I
had talked my life over with her.  Of course,
the first time I met Lasne
was through Javi.  I didn't know
Lasne before.  I don't know what you're talking about.
Anyway, what he says from here I think he's
going to Arde Troya, which also hit him.
Come on, let's go with Ar of Troy.  Wow, here goes
one.  Look at her, Host, because from Troy she's
going to answer this, huh?  To the
Trojan this.  I'm sure he'll answer
when he finds out.  Uh, rubbed all the
lipstick here on my
chin.  She's already nervous.  He
's rubbed it all over his chin and
everything.  Look, look what it looks like.  Look what you
look like.
Oh, oh.  A girl who has her face and
mouth full of [ __ ], right?
Shitty.  It has to smell like you.  No, the one who has to
smell, who stinks, is you,
who doesn't even shower, daughter, with that hair
full of filth.  The one who has to
smell and the house as you have it must be
you who has to stink there of fabric and
those hairs and that everything that has everything
that surrounds you.  Well, he already told Troy
that there was dirt there of the year, just
ask him and that's it.  This is what it
basically is.  Basically here I am
saying that she is in the hospital and that she
is wearing all the
lipsticks here.  One nose is bigger,
the other is smaller.  Then it was done
here, all the lipstick was rubbed
on the
chin.  I don't know if you were expecting it, I
'm going to put it there because maybe you don't see it
there so small.  She rubbed all
the lipstick on her chin out of
nerves since she saw it
rubbed there.  Oh, oh, oh, oh.  Come,
come, come, ma'am.
Here everyone doesn't give a damn about laughter.  Well,
man, to sweat it out you start
crying.  Well, come on,
come on.  What justifies the use of your
audio?  Justify that you have to show
images to continue with the
bombshell.  While you're here, stick your head in.   I don't give a
[ __ ].  I pass by your face.  Stop
mentioning me.  This one also has a
bakery.  Oh, oh, this one also
has a bakery.
This one also has a
bakery.  I didn't know that it now also
has a bakery.
A green, a little green for
sorrows.  This one also has a bakery, he
tells the one from Troy.  But
we have not seen this from Troy.
Accusing people of consuming things.
Now everyone has a bakery.  I think it
was you who had a bakery
.
Well, then we'll remember when
you entered Big Brother, what
you said.  Maybe
you've been the closest to bakeries.
What did he say?  Because of course,
I obviously haven't seen myself.  What did he say about the
bakery?  Mind you, I don't know that one, huh?
That with all the bakery.
Do you have it or not?  Or with the family, right?
But here at home we give each other things
and my son told me, "No, Mom,
I'll pay for the implants."  She said, "No,
Mom, my brother and I will pay for the computer."
"No, Mom, don't worry."
Of course. I mean, the bottom line is that
your children pay for everything because you have nothing. What are you
going to pay for? Ah, I hope I'm not
a burden on my family. I hope I
'm not a burden and they have to pay for,
uh, a computer, teeth, I don't know what.
The normal thing is the other way around, that you
pay for your children's things, that you
help them, that you lend them a hand, not that
your children are paying for
everything for you, teeth, computer,
microphone, I don't know what. And what do you
pay for? Nothing, absolutely not. Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah. No, no. Yes, it's been made very
clear to us. That's been made very clear to us. She
lives a light. Lives well. Lives well, eh?
She's a
good element.
Oh my God. She doesn't drink for this. No,
Mom, she drinks for that. I mean, she's
supporting her, supporting her children because of
course,  eh, I hope, I don't expect to have
mine, to help her, and take daughter
here, take daughter for the other, take this, so that I do
n't become a burden to her and that they have to
pay me this, that
everyone has to pay me.  No, no,
no.  That's what I'm trying to do, so I do
n't become a burden to them and they
have to give me anything, so
I can give to her and I can give her that
and above all a good education,
spending money on a good education and that so I do
n't become a burden and she has to
pay for everything.  If that's normal for you
, well, it's normal for you that two
kids who are in the business of living
their lives, spending money on their things,
making their homes, their lives, their whatever,
have to be on their teeth, their
computer, their vecro, I don't know what, a
bottomless pit,
well, a bottomless pit of
her expenses.  Come, come, come,
come.  Well, maybe you've worked
to support
Claro, maybe you've worked to
support your children or others.
to others.  When you entered Big Brother you
were with a 29-year-old who was, I think,
younger than your
oldest son.  Of course, he liked being a
baker too, he had bakeries, he
liked flour a lot and according to you, he had
threatened your children and since you are so
this, so that, well, you were still with him
and you were with him, you threatened your
children.  A younger uncle, who I think was her
oldest son, was 29 years old and this lady
was 51. Maybe he worked to
support someone else if it wasn't your children.
Peppa, being 51, was with a
29-year-old who liked
flour.  What Carmen said was
said by Pepa on Big Brother.
We've never discussed that before,
have we?  What an atmosphere, what an atmosphere.
Maybe, uh, maybe it's a like that,
maybe, maybe.  This is the crush.
What an atmosphere, what an atmosphere.
Kiss, Cuca, darling.  Thank you, thank you.
Cris over here.  Hello, Cris, beautiful.  Come on,
come on.  Take
a moment, please, one moment,
please.  Come on, come on, come on.  A shot
of Verdejo, that will cure all your
problems.  Peppa,
come on.  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Come on, Peppa.  Now he will be telling his
son to tell him what you have talked about.  I'm going
through the triumphal arch for your son.   I have
also given one a race and
half a race to the other.  M. Yes, yes, yes,
yes, yes.  Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.  You work
a lot.  You show it, you show it.
Cleaning up what I had to clean up.
Yes, yes, yes.   I've
had to serve drinks in my own
bar because I've always worked for
myself.  And he's going to smoke a cigar for this,
to relieve this a little, he's going
to smoke a
cigar.  Well girls, you've
worked so hard, and
your children have to pay for everything.  Or the
dentures, the I don't know what, the computer,
the microphone, they have to pay for everything.
such, so much that you have worked.  Well
, well, you've definitely had a lot of fun with parties
, because you haven't
missed a single one of the games, the parties, the
outfits, the running around, you have
n't missed a single one of those.
My goodness.  Maybe the one they
had for me was the 29-year-old boyfriend you
had when you entered Big Brother,
who was younger than your children.
Younger than the sons, uncle.  I believe he
was a baker too, huh?  There
are many bakeries.
My goodness.  for one to come now.  It
hurts you, you little bugger, does it hurt you that I
say those things about you as a mother?  It's got some
fabric, huh?  How evil, how evil.
For me, I mean, my daughter is like that, I do
n't see her.  This is for a little bit of
I'm dying with her.  I'm with her
until the end.  I, I, you don't have the courage
to stand by like a good mother.
Ah, that's what he told the
Zorcotilla chick.  Oh man, what bugs are they,
huh?  Always,
huh?  What bugs they are,
man.  But being a bad mother is worse than
being a thief, which I am not.
However, you are so embarrassed that I'm
leaving here, you won't see me again.  And
yet, you That's what
you had to do in front of your mother.
And since it's ephemeral, right?  Bad mother
played.  He said it was ephemeral.  He has no
[ __ ] idea what ephemeral is.  You
are so ephemeral.
Eyesore, disgusting rat.
What is ephemeral?  Because in court
they said that you can
call people a bad mother.
Bad mother, go away now.  Because the
court that said that people can be called bad mothers
depends on the case, right?  And what a
context, right?   It's a
shame to have people like you around here
.  You have to be bad, huh?
Really, you have to be cruel.
What does she know about my life?  What else?
That?  Well, I don't know what you think?   It
seems like an outrage to me.   He
said
about his we had never seen that, man.
The one who now peels that she as a mother and I do
n't know how much.  Mother of God, man.
You're a pig.  That's what you are,
a pig.  And I have told you little, I have told you little
.  You deserve three times more than
what I've told you.
You have no shame nor have you ever known it.
And let your son come out and tell me whatever he
wants, because I have something for him too
.  The one who hooked up with kids
her son's age.  For me, more than
supporting Han, they supported more than
your children.  Mother, to chulngos is what
you have supported for your children.  You
have not moved even a stork's foot
for your children.  You're not
ashamed to
say that to Sorcotilla, you're the one who's
now appealing to
mothers.  You have no shame.
Which characters are we arguing with
now, man?  Between one and the other.  All of
these people who get together, huh?
What bugs they are.
Peppa, you are very bad.
A kiss, Chari.  What bugs they are, man.
You have no shame nor have you ever known it.   I have
told you little for what you deserve.  All that,
why?  For defending Juan, precisely
because they told you about the 240, right?
You have to tell him that.  At least I do
, at least I do, at least you do,
but if you've been out
partying, I'm sure Solcotilla was with
her children and you've been out partying
from one chulngano to another
and from bakery to bakery.
That's what you've been doing and
maintaining, because you've probably been
maintaining that, uncle of
your children's age.  Damn, she liked
young boys.  He is ashamed.
I'm really sorry.  Come on,
come on, come on.  Hey,
kids, the one he liked.
Young people are
ashamed.  I'm really
sorry, but yes, yes.  younger than her
children, who was 29 years old, the uncle she
was with, who by the way was one who
publicly denounced her on TV about
her, while then the case of Antonio
David, of course without a sentence, how does it
occur to anyone to call this man
such and such when she did it with that
uncle.  I mean, he's complaining that another
Antonio David denounced him when she
denounced a guy publicly on
television without any kind of lawsuit,
without any kind of conviction, without anything
like that, we have to see this.  I don't
remember this, huh?
I mean, I remember an interview with Kiko
Hernndez, but I don't remember
much about the content.  I already had a guy for that and he
had threatened his children and that's
the guy you have who has
threatened your children.  I'll eat it,
come on, I'll eat it
.  He threatens my daughter and I
deserve it.  He has no shame.
Street rat.  Tell him that about his daughter.
Bicho, you're a jerk.  But bug, come on.
Damn, how he's putting it, kid.
How Carmen is turning you on
, really.  How can you be
so mean?  Yeah, example, you are an example
of what a street rat.  Do you
want an example?  That
your children had to go on TV to beat the [ __ ] out of
this 29-year-old guy you were with,
to throw [ __ ] at a 29-
year-old guy.  That was your responsibility, what
you protect your children from, what she
protects.  She with her children.  She pulls,
pulls, pulls.  What happens is that your children
have taken responsibility for you, like
many cases of mothers who are like you,
the children end up taking responsibility
for their mothers.  The responsible ones are the
children in cases of mothers who are like you.  And
that's what happened to you,
seeing that you were a crazy goat, your
children took on the role of the
responsible ones and you took on the role of the crazy goat.  That
's what happened to you.  You have no
shame, huh?  For you, you have to be you
for you.  You put this on the Angel.
Angel, this is from a good person.  Saying
that to a woman who has lost her
daughter in that way and she is giving
mothering classes.  She doesn't even know how they're going to give
her an Oscar for being her mother.
The angel doesn't even know how to justify
the mother.  The angel, the creature,
has enough with this standing.
Man, man.  How is she going to live
if she has nothing?   Of course, she
has to live sucking up to
others, and they are in their 40s and
live at home with her.  Well,
when they leave, you can tell me about this.  When they
go, they dream of being fifty-somethings, they are 4 or
so years old and they live there with her.
Because of course, they're just going to leave her alone like that
.
Well, he says why exactly, of course, of
course.  There were what we've seen of her
partying, I don't know what, of
29-year-old guys, this is what
she was into and now that she's done, and
Perry or anything else isn't looking at her anymore, she's beautiful,
beautiful in that t-shirt.  is from
Temu.  OT.  I can't name any other company
because it's Temu's competition and I can't
say.  This is,
uh, what happens is that now, since nobody pays attention to
you or looks at you anymore,
because you are, well, what you are now, is
when now you are the great mother, the great mother
who loves her children and the children's people are
worried about their children.  Yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
How do you put it?  Then he starts beating his
chest.  I would be with my daughter.  You
would be with your daughter.  Go on, pull, pull,
pull.  And throw it away
.  Crazy Goat says that's what
defines her well, Carmen.  If you knew a
partner she had as a young girl, she had
little bad reputation.  Back
then I was even into Yuyu, a
certain cowboy.  But if there is nothing else to do, just
look at it.  What friends do you have?  You just have to
see the friends, the hairdresser and each
other.  I mean, look at the east of the
friends.  Well there you see everything about her.  And
what photos does he show?  His life is photos of
marching.  That's his life.  And a
studio photo that is embarrassing because of how
out of place she is because she thinks she
is, of course, in her time, in
her years of
prosperity.  And you just have to see it.
Which friend does he hang out with?  With what he's capable
of doing in front of a camera, just
imagine
behind it.  Well, imagine behind and all your
photos are like that, drunk, with
one, with another, here,
there, this and that.  That's fine,
but then don't give motherly advice to
anyone.  Don't give motherly advice to
anyone.  You're acting like a yo-yo, yo-yo, yo-yo, we've
already seen you do. What you do is
put them in the spotlight to see if they get the
beatings, and you stay
behind eating sunflower
seeds so that the people with the angel come in,
and you stay behind acting like a
[ __ ].  This is the madrasa.  Yes,
yes, yes.  He comes to give it to you
with what a great Carmen.  That's why he doesn't want to
debate with her.  Javi, I'm going to tell you what
he said regarding the topic of the
debate.  I'm going to tell you what he said
regarding the topic of the
debate and with that we say goodbye to today's
[Music]
live.  Where
was I?  Ah, they sent it to me by MD.
Wait, you know I suggested the
two of them fight here, well,
argue, debate, whatever,
okay?  And Peppa's response was
this, okay?
Peppa's response to the debate with
Carmen was as follows.  One
thing, eh, right now your
Telesalceo channel is a
claque, it's in its own
YouTube world.
[Music]
And I'm practically at the top,
I mean, I'm the diva, I'm the queen.
Do your best.  So, no.  Hey, I
want to make you
understand that
how
dare you ask me to go with a
sewer rat to the
underworld of
telesaliseo to have a
debate.  I think you're picking the wrong
person.  Would you mean Carmen and
Victoria or any of these people?
What I do with rats is
exterminate them from my life, from my
environment, and if not, I have Aroda for that,
which is
Oh, but never, and even more so
now that your channel isn't worth [ __ ].   I'm
going to lower myself, I'm
ecstatic, I'm ecstatic here on my
channel, on your channel, as
Antonio
David says, to go down to the
underworld, to the sewers, where you
rats live, and much
less with a skin rat like Es la
Carmen, it
's not
original, it's not even original to
insult.  Guys, I'm going to the salseria for a
bit.  I'm going to the salsera for a little while
before recording the video for the
main channel tomorrow, okay?
I'll record it before I go to
bed, okay?  I'll be there in 5 or 10
minutes.  Okay, grab a bite, grab a
quick bite, and I'll be right over there, okay?  For
the
salsa bar, I say, eh, I'm not really
sure if I'm going to the salsa bar.  I'll
tell you in 5 minutes or so.  I'll tell you in 5
minutes
.  What a coward.  Totally,
totally,
totally.  She for Javi.  Yes, for
Javi, yes.  Guys, see you tomorrow.
See you.  Well, tomorrow is Friday.  Well,
we'll see tomorrow.  We'll see.  A kiss,
handsome.  I'll tell you in 5 minutes if
I open the deli, okay?  I'm reviewing
the topics here.  Let's see if it works.
[Music]